This privacy policy describes how the Chicago Bike Share Status Alexa
skill and the Columbus Bike Share Status Alexa skill ("the skill")
collects and uses personal information.

# What we store

The only personal information stored by the skill is user-provided
addresses. You may use the skill without providing an address,
in which case the skill stores no information about you. If you choose
to store an address, it will be connected with a unique ID,
randomly-generated by Amazon. The skill recognizes you only through
this unique ID.

# When we store it

If you choose to provide an address (for example, by saying
"Echo, tell Chicago Bikeshare to add my origin address.", or
"Echo, tell Columbus Bikeshare to add my destination address."),
you will be guided through a dialog
to input address information. At the conclusion of the dialog,
you will be asked to confirm the address. If you do not confirm
the address, no information will be stored. If you do confirm
the address, that address will be stored for later use.

# How we use personal information

Addresses provided to the skill will be used only to
determine which Divvy or CoGo stations are nearest to your
location(s) of interest so that the skill can inform you
about the status of those stations. Your personal information
will not be made available to any third party for any purpose.

# How we store personal information

Personal information you provide will be stored in
resources provided by Amazon Web Services.

# How you can control your information

You may ask what, if any, address the skill has stored for you
by asking "Echo, ask Chicago bikeshare to tell me what origin
address is stored" or "Echo, ask Columbus bikeshare to tell
me what destination address is stored".
At any time, you may request that we remove your information by
saying "Echo, tell Chicago bikeshare to delete my addresses".
If you request that the skill delete your address information
and confirm the request, the skill will retain no record of your
personal information.
